+++
title = "Frugalware 1.0pre2 (Anacreon) released"
date = "Tue, 13 Jan 2009 06:52:36 +0100"
author = "Miklos Vajna"
categories = ["development"]
thumbnail.src = "images/categories/development.png"
thumbnail.visibility = "list"
+++
The Frugalware Developer Team is pleased to [announce](/news/123) the immediate availability of Frugalware 1.0pre2, the second technical preview of the upcoming 1.0 stable release.  

 A short and incomplete list of changes since 1.0pre1:  

* Improvements:
	+ Setup: support for having /boot on a RAID1 device, improved support for detecting network card names.
	+ Serial ports are now owned by the 'dialout' (instead of 'uucp') group, as a consensus with other distributions.
	+ For virtualbox users who had to download the whole (~10MB) package again and again after each kernel update - it's a good news that now the kernel module is a separate package to stop wasting bandwidth and time.
* Package updates:
	+ Mono 2.0.1
	+ Python 2.6.1
	+ GNOME 2.24.2
	+ More than 800 other package updates
	+ More than 100 new packages


 Please refer to the Frugalware [Anacreon ChangeLog](http://ftp.frugalware.org/pub/frugalware/frugalware-testing/ChangeLog.txt) for more information.  

 Download for i686, x86\_64 and ppc: See our [mirror list](http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-testing-iso). Don't forget to check the [integrity](http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-testing-iso/SHA1SUMS) of the install images before burning!  

**NOTE**: Click [here](/docs/install#_choosing_installation_flavor) to read more about what media you need for the installation.  

**IMPORTANT**: After publishing the installer images, it was noticed that the 'syslog' service fails to start. The next 'pacman-g2 -Syu' update will fix this, or you can manually execute the ,,sed -i 's/"]/" ]/g' rc.syslog'' command to fix the problem.  
