+++
title = "Frugalware 1.4rc2 (Nexon) released"
date = "Fri, 28 Jan 2011 08:21:25 +0100"
author = "Miklos Vajna"
categories = ["development"]
thumbnail.src = "images/categories/development.png"
thumbnail.visibility = "list"
+++
The Frugalware Developer Team is pleased to [announce](/news/193) the immediate availability of Frugalware 1.4rc2, the second candidate of the upcoming 1.4 stable release.
Here are some of the major improvements, fixes and updates since 1.4rc1:  

* Package updates:
+ Linux 2.6.37 + fixes
+ KDE SC 4.5
+ Drupal 7 obsoletes Drupal 5. If a drupal-5 package has its own drupal-6 counterpart (eg. drupal-cck),
 then the drupal-6 one (drupal6-cck) replaces the old one automatically. If a drupal-5 package DOES NOT
 have its own drupal6 counterpart, then the drupal6 package replaces it - sorry for the inconvenience,
 those drupal-5 bastards are not even supported by upstream.
+ systemd v16 - and 5 more packages now support systemd
 using native unit files

* Fixes:
+ The CD/DVD installer can perform fully offline installation again.
+ Various user interface fixes (missing icons in desktop
 files, etc.)
+ Missing koffice localization packages are back (they were missing since the integration of KDE4).


 Please refer to the Frugalware [Nexon ChangeLog](http://ftp.frugalware.org/pub/frugalware/frugalware-testing/ChangeLog.txt) for more information.  

 Download for i686: See our [mirror list](http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-testing-iso). Don't forget to check the [integrity](http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-testing-iso/SHA1SUMS) of the install images before burning!  

**NOTE**: Click [here](/docs/install#_choosing_installation_flavor) to read more about what media you need for the installation.   


