+++
title = "Frugalware 0.3pre1-i686 released"
date = "Wed, 22 Jun 2005 23:34:49 +0200"
author = "VMiklos"
+++
The Frugalware Developer Team is pleased to announce the immediate availability of Frugalware 0.3pre1-i686, the first preview of the upcoming 0.3-i686 stable release.  

 A short list of most important improvements and news since 0.2:* Improvements:  

	+ Added a new tool: repoman. It helps you to compile packages from source, allowing to automatically create and install closed-source packages like realplayer or skype (repoman merge packagename). Also it allows you to download all package's buildscript (repoman update) and recompile them with your compiler flags, "a la Gentoo".
	+ Our build system now supports more than one architecture which means you can expect an x86\_64 preview release soon.
	+ All packages got their group, so that if you installed only a base system, you can install all network-related packages with pacman -S network and so.
	+ Created a new config tool: wificonfig, to configure your wireless connection.
	+ The KDE menu changed a bit: now most installed non-kde applications should apper in the menu, too.
	+ Localized Thunderbird and added localized spellcheck support.
	+ The gimp-print printer drivers replaced with the foomatic ones, wich means we support much more printers now.
	+ Packaged the rox desktop environment.
	+ New web [interface](http://frugalware.org/packages.php) for viewing informations about packages.
	+ Now all package has it's own changelog, which can be viewed from for example the packages page.
* Package highlights: More than 150 new packages: windowmaker applets, firestarter, pure-ftpd, subversion and more.
* Updates: As usual, Frugalware cames with the latest version of upstream stable releases, including:  

	+ Linux kernel 2.6.12
	+ GCC 3.4.4
	+ KDE 3.4.1

  

 Please refer to the Frugalware [ChangeLog](changelog.php) for more information.  

 Download: [netinstall](download.php?url=frugalware-current-iso/frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-net.iso) (16M), [cd1](download.php?url=frugalware-current-iso/frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-cd1.iso) (506M), [cd2](download.php?url=frugalware-current-iso/frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-cd2.iso) (692M), [dvd](download.php?url=frugalware-current-iso/frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-dvd.iso) (2.4G)  

 MD5SUMS:  

7e62e1aeb2a32f29edf26670f268bd63 frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-cd1.iso  

 6ba2f51262fd81850a03c8c9603823af frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-cd2.iso  

 284386e5fcf062c4b71f9a72cd8f138f frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-dvd.iso  

 5066616ee44c8489b14a573cbaeba95b frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-net.iso  

  
