+++
title = "asterisk"
date = "2007-08-10"
+++
* Author: vmiklos
* Vulnerable: 1.4.2-2terminus2
* Unaffected: 1.4.8-1terminus1


Some vulnerabilities have been reported in Asterisk, which can be exploited by malicious people to cause a DoS (Denial of Service) and potentially compromise a vulnerable system.
 1) A boundary error exists in the Asterisk STUN implementation, which can be exploited to cause the application to crash via specially crafted RTP packets.
 Successful exploitation requires that the chan\_sip, chan\_gtalk, chan\_jingle, chan\_h323, chan\_mgcp, or chan\_skinny is enabled.
 The vulnerability is reported in the following products:
 Asterisk Open Source 1.4.x prior to version 1.4.8
 AsteriskNOW pre-release prior to version beta7
 Asterisk Appliance Developer Kit prior to version 0.5.0
 s800i 1.0.x prior to version 1.0.2.
 2) A boundary error exists in the Asterisk Skinny channel driver (chan\_skinny), which can be exploited to cause the application to crash via packets that contain a size field smaller than the actual size of the packet.
 Successful exploitation requires that chan\_skinny is enabled.
 3) A NULL-pointer dereference error exists in the Asterisk IAX2 channel driver (chan\_iax2), which can be exploited to cause a DoS via specially crafted LGRQ and LAGRP frames.
 Successful exploitation requires that chan\_iax is enabled.
 4) A boundary error exists in the Asterisk IAX2 channel driver (chan\_iax2) within the handling of RTP frames. This can be exploited to cause a stack-based buffer overflow by sending large data payloads (more than 4096 bytes) in a voice or video frame.
 Successful exploitation of this vulnerability allows execution of arbitrary code, but requires that the system is configured to connect channels that use RTP and IAX channels.
* Bug Tracker URL: http://bugs.frugalware.org/task/2269
## CVEs:
* http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-3762
* http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-3763
* http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-3764
* http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-3765
