+++
title = "cacti"
date = "2007-01-11"
+++
* Author: voroskoi
* Vulnerable: 0.8.6h-1
* Unaffected: 0.8.6i-1siwenna1


rgod has discovered four vulnerabilities in Cacti, which can be exploited by malicious people to bypass certain security restrictions, manipulate data and compromise vulnerable systems.
 1) The "cmd.php" and "copy\_cacti\_user.php" scripts do not properly restrict access to command line usage and are installed in a web-accessible location.
 Successful exploitation requires that "register\_argc\_argv" is enabled.
 2) Input passed in the URL to cmd.php is not properly sanitised before being used in SQL queries. This can be exploited to manipulate SQL queries by injecting arbitrary SQL code.
 Successful exploitation requires that "register\_argc\_argv" is enabled.
 3) The results from the SQL queries in 2) in cmd.php are not properly sanitised before being used as shell commands. This can be exploited to inject arbitrary shell commands.
 4) Input passed in the URL to copy\_cacti\_user.php is not properly sanitised before being used in SQL queries. This can be exploited to manipulate SQL queries by injecting arbitrary SQL code.
 Successful exploitation allows adding new administrator users, but requires that "register\_argc\_argv" is enabled.
 Furthermore, it has been reported that other scripts may be exploitable under certain conditions. It has also been reported that script\_server.php can be exploited to cause a DoS (denial of service).
* Bug Tracker URL: http://bugs.frugalware.org/task/1584
## CVEs:
* http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2006-6799
